[Merged by Bors] - Docs: new usage guide and index page (#229)
stackabletech/spark-k8s-operator: docs/modules/spark-k8s/pages/usage-guide/index.adoc

= Usage guide

> Learn how to load your own xref:usage-guide/job-dependencies.adoc[] or configure an xref:usage-guide/s3.adoc[S3 connection]. Have a look at the xref:usage-guide/examples.adoc[] to learn more about different operatoring modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to load your own xref:usage-guide/job-dependencies.adoc[] or configure an xref:usage-guide/s3.adoc[S3 connection] to access data. Have a look at the xref:usage-guide/examples.adoc[] to learn more about different usage scenarios.
```
